Follow provider schema more closely during test provider mocking (#3069)
opentofu/opentofu: CHANGELOG.md

* Provider references like "null.some_alias[each.key]" in .tf.json files are now correctly parsed ([#2915](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/2915))
* Fixed crash when processing multiple deprecated marks on a complex object ([#3105](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/3105))

> BREAKING CHANGES:
> * Ensure that generated mock values for testing correctly follows the provider schema. ((#3069)[https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/3069])
>   - There is a small likelihood that this change may result in some previously functional tests failing due to invalid mocks/defaults not caught in prior versions of this code
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BREAKING CHANGES:
* Ensure that generated mock values for testing correctly follows the provider schema. ((#3069)[https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/3069])

    In rare cases this change might result in some previously-passing tests now failing, due to invalid mocks or overrides that were not detected in earlier versions.
```

Aside from the text changes, this formats it as a single list item containing two paragraphs rather than as a list item with another list item beneath it, which is a subjective preference that I don't feel super strongly about but matches the style we're already using for the item under "UPGRADE NOTES" above.

I'd also suggest moving this under the existing "UPGRADE NOTES" heading, since it's not really clear to me what the difference is between "UPGRADE NOTES" and "BREAKING CHANGES". (The `issensitive` thing we're already talking about there is another example of something that might break some unusual examples but we don't expect it to negatively affect most configurations.)

Finally, I'd suggest that we also add a shorter version of this item to "BUG FIXES", similar to how the `issensitive` change is set up, so that it'll be visible to folks who are skimming only for bug fixes and not necessarily reading all of the sections in detail. The fact that a bug was fixed and the fact that we've changed behavior in a potentially-breaking way are, in my opinion, two different pieces of information worth capturing separately in their respective sections.
